Docs/stream-aggregation streamAggr.dedupInterval comments on old samples (#9731)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/stream-aggregation/README.md

and/or scraped from [Prometheus-compatible targets](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/#how-to-scrape-prometheus-exporters-such-as-node-exporter)
after applying all the configured [relabeling stages](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/relabeling/).

**By default, stream aggregation ignores timestamps associated with the input [samples](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/keyconcepts/#raw-samples). It expects that the ingested samples have timestamps close to the current time. See [how to ignore old samples](#ignoring-old-samples).**

> **Old samples can also be treated as duplicates and ignored if the `-streamAggr.dedupInterval` flag is set. See  [de-duplication](#deduplication).**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**If `-streamAggr.dedupInterval` is enabled, out-of-order samples (older than already received) within the configured interval are treated as duplicates and ignored. See  [de-duplication](#deduplication).**
```

The online de-duplication uses the same logic as [`-dedup.minScrapeInterval` command-line flag](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/#deduplication) at VictoriaMetrics.

> De-deuplication will interfere with backfilling historical samples.  The value of a samples timestamp is ignored during de-duplication.  Please see above.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
De-deuplication is applied before stream aggreation rules and can drop samples before they get matched for aggregation.
```
